[feat] Create emojis.md (#2475)
Codecademy/docs: content/markdown/concepts/emojis/emojis.md

---
Title: 'emoji' 
Description: 'These symbols are organized by Markdown-flavored text or shortcodes' 
Subjects:
  - 'Developer Tools'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags: 
  - 'GitHub'
  - 'Documentation'
  
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

In Markdown, **emojis** are symbols that are conveyed via text and/or shortcodes.

## Syntax

> When using Markdown, you can just copy and paste emojis straight from sources like [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Markdown, emojis can be copied and pasted straight from sources like [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/):
```
No first- or second-person pronouns.

```md
Markdown for a specific text image of emoji
```

> Another method that is used are shortcodes, emojis being described through words. These vary from application to application, so it's important to refer to their Markdown style guide to ensure that the emojis are described accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another method used are shortcodes, emojis being described through words. These vary from application to application, so it's important to refer to their Markdown style guide to ensure that the emojis are described accordingly.
```

Author: Done

```md
: emoji:
```

## Example 1: Markdown

An emoji is copied from a source like [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/) and used to signify the role being described in the heading below:

```md
### Content Writing Team 📝
```

## Example 2: Emoji Shortcodes

> In the paragraph below, the shortcode is conveyed in accordance to [GitHub's standards](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#using-emoji):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the paragraph below, the shortcode is conveyed in accordance with [GitHub's standards](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#using-emoji):
```
